Hi again, this is the solution to exercise 91 where you were asked to insert these rows of this text file
to the database.db file.
This is how I did it.
And so I used SQLite3 and Pandas. I used Pandas because I wanted to load the text file as
a data frame in Python.
And then I use SQLite3 to connect to the database establishing a connection
creating a cursor object.
And then I iterate through the data frame.
Iterrows is a method that lets me access the index so it generates indexes and rows for each row.
So then you can access the value for a column for that row.
So I'm accessing the value of the country column for the first row and the value for the area column
for that first row in the first iteration.
And so one each value.
And you don't need to print those values out as I'm doing here.
So this is not obligatory to do ,but it's good, but it's good to have intermediate results.
This is the important thing.
You need to include inside the for loop.
So you want to execute an SQL query for each iteration.
So you want to insert into the country's tables a table of values NULL, so this is the auto increment ID.
You don't need to insert any value there because SQLite3 will take care by itself by increasing the
ID one by one and then
these are like placeholders that will be replaced.
This one will be replaced with the value for country and this one with the value for the area.
And this will be NULL.
So there will be no value for this
column in here, the population.
And we commit these changes.
So we're using a commit method here after we end, we finish with the loop so the loop ends there and
then we use commit to apply the changes and then we close the connection.
That's how you insert values to a database.
Yeah I hope this was clear.
I'll talk to you later.
Thanks a lot.